Create dockerfiles for kubectl-gadget and CO-RE tools (#608)
kinvolk/inspektor-gadget: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

### Building the gadget container image

Inspektor Gadget provides two different container images:
- gadget-bcc: Contains CO-RE and BCC gadgets

> - gadget-core: Containes only CO-RE gadgets

Reviewer: What about non CO-RE gadgets that are not BCC (traceloop, network-policy advisor)?

Author: Added a comment clarifying what happens with them.

### Building the gadget container image

Inspektor Gadget provides two different container images:
- gadget-bcc: Contains CO-RE and BCC gadgets

> - gadget-core: Containes only CO-RE gadgets that are integrated with the gadget tracer manager

Reviewer 2: Given that `gadget-bcc` contains both bcc-based gadgets and core-based gadgets, it is a bit confused to call it bcc only. What about calling the two files:
1. `gadget-default`
2. `gadget-coreonly`

(and renaming the Dockerfiles accordingly)

Author: Renamed it to be `gadget-default` and `gadget-core`.

>   * traceloop and the network policy advisor gadgets aren't included,
>     they will be included
>     [#371](https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget/issues/371) and
>     [#172](https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget/issues/172) are
>     fixed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * traceloop and the network policy advisor gadgets aren't included,
    they will be included once
    [#371](https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget/issues/371) and
    [#172](https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget/issues/172) are
    fixed.
```

blogpost presents some more details about this process.

### Updating BCC from upstream

> As you can see in `gadget.bccDockerfile`, the gadget container image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in `gadget.bcc.Dockerfile`, the gadget container image
```
